EduClasswork endpoints graph doc (#21131)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/educationmodule-publish.md

---
title: "educationModule: publish"
description: "Change the state of an educationModule from its original draft status to the published status."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "cristobal-buenrostro"
ms.prod: "education"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# educationModule: publish

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Change the state of an [educationModule](../resources/educationmodule.md) from its original `draft` status to the `published` status.

> Only a teacher in the class can make this call. When a **module** is in draft status, students will not see the **module**. When you call this API, the module appears in the student's classwork list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only teachers in the class can perform this operation. When a **module** is in draft status, students will not see the **module**. When you call this API, the module appears in the student's classwork list.
```
